[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up movies
today february 13th is my birthday and
i'm 22 years old however today is also
the three year anniversary of me raw
dogging youtube
and birthing this channel it was this
day that i was in my dorm
freshman year and i said you know what
let's do this
and it was probably one of if not the
best decision i ever made
i'm definitely the real life version of
the ultimate lucky student
it's my birthday but the only gift i'd
like from y'all
is your continued support and you can do
that just by
clicking the like button and showing
youtube that people really like these
videos
and that they should share it more and
subscribe if you've been binging me but
you haven't done it yet
so hang out and let's see what auditions
about
audition is one of the famous takashi
mike classics
based on a book written by ryu murakami
it's all about a widower who decides to
find a new wife seven years
after his late wife's death the way he
does it is by having an
audition for story where whoever
candidate impresses him
is who he will pursue well regardless of
how you feel about that
the woman he does pick isn't the safest
option
if you're watching this on valentine's
day this movie fits the romantic day as
well so if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown
cue to gohan
i can already see the comments spooky
you don't sound good no i'm just
chilling today i don't feel like
shouting the movie begins with a little
squirt
bringing a get well gift to his mom
doesn't look like ryoko here
is coming back her husband holds her as
she takes her last breath
so now he is a widower the little boy
comes in to see that his mother
is resting now but now it's just widower
and his little son walking around town
like
adam sandler and that little boy seven
years pass
and this looks like the intro to an
anime movie in the 2000s
looks like widower his name is ioyama
and his son have a great relationship
they are out fishing and naturally the
conversation they have
parallels to the many fish in the sea
waiting for the widower to catch them
you know how they say it's plenty fish
in the sea
looks like aoyama caught a big one this
must be that fish
gone cough before he went to go take the
hunter exam
even my references have father-son theme
my first time fishing with my dad
i caught a big-ass catfish right before
we left
and he treated me like i was like i was
gone actually
i'm happy to see a father-son
relationship in a movie they live a
quiet life with their dog
gang the son knows that aoyama should
probably
remarry he's lonely just look at him
sitting there thinking about it
aoyama is a lonely wealthy boss
and his assistant is getting married
soon she kind of teases him about it for
some reason
almost rubbing it in his face he meets
up with a business friend at a bar
bartender looking like nishkiyama the
friend mentions that these loud
unattractive girls
contribute to the reason that japan is
finished
aoyama mentions he'd like to get married
again
he wants to meet various women and see
which one he likes best
basically the friend will organize an
audition
for a previous story they created so
that whoever
comes to the audition for a part might
be an interest
to ioyama and they had touchscreen cars
back before i was born that's how i know
aiuyama got a big bank account here are
some of the women looking to be
a part of that project that aoyama's
friend is starting an
audition for remember it's really to
have ayoyama see if he likes
any of them during the audition the son
comes in to mention that
he brought a girlfriend home look how
happy he is
first time i bought a girl home was on
thanksgiving high school like
junior year something like that and my
people literally started taking pictures
of us like we was on a red carpet or
something that's one of my favorite
moments in life aryama finds interest in
asami
yamazaki here she looks like a grown
sachiko from
corp's party her applicant essay
mentions her having a history in ballet
before hurting her hip coming to terms
with not doing ballet was like
accepting death for her it was an
interesting essay
for someone who has seen death first
hand now let's go over to the son and
his little
friend here this what y'all decide to do
read about
dinosaurs her name is teasing master
takagi-san
a girl he met on the train when i get a
dog i'm probably gonna call him gang
that's a cool little name
and pops he leaves to go get some fresh
air now that's
a cool pops right there something my dad
would do
is this me lucky is this loki me now
it's time for the audition ayoyama
doesn't feel right about finding a
significant
other this way but it's too late now so
expect an
audition montage it's the best way to
explain it
i love how someone's mama just came up
here too
like just look how look how hard she's
smiling a lot of questions are sex based
by the way
i wonder how did mike get these people
to come in and do this part did he say
like
come audition for a part in audition
as someone in an audition wow i wasn't
expecting some nudity
i was surprised as that dude that saw
the n-word on spongebob
some of the girls are just practically
adorable but now it's time for
yamazaki-san
she has a very sketch uneventful acting
history works at a small bar and
lives cheap ayoyama is definitely
filling her as he takes over as the
interviewer talking about her applicant
essay he's got a shortness of breath
by being so impressed with her maturity
later on
ayama sets up a meetup with asami look
how excited he is to meet the women of
his dreams
even though he has to set up some dumb
audition with various
judging criteria his business friend
soon calls him about asami's agent from
the movie recording place she mentioned
that particular agent
had been missing for over a year guess
that spells trouble
anyway ayoyama has a date with asami
where he asks about that
agent but she reveals she actually never
met him
she just lied so that they didn't think
she was just some random woman off the
street he doesn't really care though
well whatever the case they seem to hit
it off soon
we cut to sami just laying on the floor
my pe teacher
all throughout elementary school said
don't sit like that
she's waiting on him to call her and
he's waiting to call her
to give it time based on his friend's
suggestion
she sits like that for four days
straight another day at work
that assistant starts acting weird again
just staring at her boss
i wonder what her deal is he ponders
calling a sami
and she literally fell asleep waiting
like that
finally he figures what the hey and
calls
and she let it ring and then that sack
in the bag literally rolled around
is someone in that bag the two
they soon go out for drinks i know they
have a kanpai
right here but kampai for my birthday
too hold on i got a phone call
it's my birthday i'm gonna get phone
calls what do you expect where was i
[ __ ] i know they do a kanpai right here
but
you know kampai for my birthday as well
the only reason i know that is because i
used to be a hostess trainer
over back in camarocho tokyo you know
just trained a lot of women to be
hostess
also he tells her that the movie she
auditioned for
doesn't have the funding anymore so
that's his way of explaining the movie
away just
look at his face when she gets dropped
off it's a nice fit for valentine's day
as well
ahoyama goes to his son's room and he
likes dinosaurs like how
deku likes all might he tells her about
asami who is only 24 years old two years
older than me
also i just noticed that for some reason
i usually call
japanese dudes by their last name but
the girls by their first name
i call him aoyama even though his first
name is
shigeharu soon they go to a seaside
retreat
she looks like jennifer hills in the
forest later at night
she later later
so i just want to make sure i was
recording later at night she doesn't
speak a word to him
but i suppose it's the night to get down
and dirty before she rids his clothes
she wants him to see her body where she
actually has burn marks from when she
was a wee little lass
before they have sex she makes him
promise to only love
her seems like that promise was broken a
few times for
damn they pulled the covers over their
head hard as hell they like
sims in the morning he sees that she is
nowhere to be found
in fact she checked out of the hotel the
employee
calls to let him know now ayama realizes
how sus
she is and thinks he misunderstood her
no matter what though he can't forget
about her
anyway he goes to the old ballet place
she said she went to
but leon kennedy boarded it up why did i
say that
after breaking it down he hears somebody
inside
playing the piano some person in a
wheelchair
soon the crazy guy turns around asking
him personal questions about their
relationship
seems like this guy abused her when she
used to practice ballet
and gave her the burn marks he goes to
the bar she says she worked at called
the stone fish but is closed since the
owner was gruesomely murdered
this guy here doesn't recall asami
working at the bar
at all the last owner was chopped into
pieces inside the bar
when the police investigated they found
three extra fingers
an extra ear and an extra tongue that
really shocks ayama to where he
hallucinates seeing it
i don't think he would be able to watch
my videos while yama is out someone
sneaks into his home
and sees a picture of his late wife then
turns to his favorite brand of liquor
later that night ayoyama returns and
gets a drink of that liquor
and he starts feeling weird someone
drugged his liquor
when he falls to the ground we flash
back to that date they had
earlier but we get more conversation we
didn't hear the first time
she was abused by her aunt and uncle
beaten
pushed down the stairs she had a painful
home life back with her mother and
stepfather too
turns out this is a dream sequence where
ayoyama's past
wife gets introduced to asami she says
that she is
no good then immediately after the
setting changes
and asami is itching to give aoyama some
throat
then immediately asami switches to
ayoyama's assistant
this is why she was acting so weird so
we are in aoyama's mind
you know just getting a play of his
memories and thoughts
and turns out that he had a sexual
relationship with his assistant
on at least one occasion she expected a
serious relationship to come out of it
though
and he just passed her like a football
you remember that girl his son brought
over
she attacks him next i don't know why he
thought about her in his dream
but maybe it's like he's he was
attracted to her low-key i don't know
actually
but he finally wakes up when he trips
over a sack in asami's apartment whoever
is in that set got the greatest mobility
of all time
he moves like gojira turns out to
someone missing three of their fingers
their tongue their ears and both their
feet we know where the fingers and
tongues and ears went to
the guy hasn't eaten in so long that he
begs for food
sami is in the back and vomiting inside
of a bowl
she brings the vomit bowl over to the
guy and he
gobs it up like cheesecake vomit smells
so terrible i used to have to clean it
up all the time in my high school job
that and dookie dookie all on the
ceiling on the floor
yes a young projected asami pats him
like a dog
and asks aoyama if he only loves her
i'm confused is ayama hallucinating the
entire event
or is he seeing what's going on but
feeling random parts in his head
my guess is he's hallucinating okay so
we finally are in the real world now
i say that because we see him fall on
the ground in his home
asami really killed gang that's crazy
now we are getting to the imagery you
see when you look up this movie
asami is ready to torture ayoyama there
you go
there it goes i always see this image
her looking back like that
she paralyzes him with an agent that
will keep his nerves
acting saying his skin will get
sensitive and he'll
enjoy the pain she injects it inside of
his
tongue that must suck it's like sleep
paralysis
that's why i don't fall asleep on my
back anymore next
she starts slicing her clothes off
saying all guys are the same
she knows that he only did the audition
so that he could find a girl he liked
she used l-tier thinking to get to that
conclusion
using needles she tortures the mess out
of him
while saying deeper and deeper and
deeper
that's like one of the that's one of the
high points of this scene must be really
painful but pain always tells the truth
honestly she looks a lot hotter as an
evil woman then she sticks
needles into his eyes only when you feel
pain that you truly understand yourself
next she goes to torture his son too
she's torturing him because he loves his
past
wife and loves his son when he's only
supposed to love her remember that
promise she's acting like aaron when she
found out
andy dated angela this wire can cut
through
flesh and bone she would make an
excellent my hero academia villain
demon slayer demon phantom true member
etc
she wraps it around his leg and starts
grinding at it
and she enjoys every second of it that
his foot
is getting cut off and thrown away i
love that sh i love that they showed her
throwing the foot away at that angle i
don't let me shut up the right foot is
next but the sun comes home
before the sun is seemingly attacked
ayama just
wakes up he's back at the hotel with her
in the bed
so it seems as if everything that
happened
after the sex was a nightmare like for
real
she accepts his marriage proposal as
they lay awake
but soon he falls back to sleep getting
back into the nightmare
the son escapes her drug attack and runs
away
but he kicks her dumb hard look how hard
he kicked her down the stairs she's not
surviving that at all
and oh yeah her back's broke she's done
for
i i'ma crawls towards and sees her body
while his son calls the police the son
is very good at calling the police
calm and informative i should take notes
i learned
one good thing today anyway she isn't
dead yet and whispers to him
saying she was longing for his phone
call she didn't want to lose him
and live alone loneliness she went crazy
after seeing how many
bonds he has but i guess that's how
life is the end that was the best
takashi mikey movie for me
it was really great felt like i wasn't
just watching a disturbing classic but
watching a japanese classic
i recommend checking out this movie for
yourself alright
let's get into some parallels and the
middle moments and that spooky stuff
now when lying when i say it is one of
my favorite if not the favorite
kashimike film
one aspect of the film i enjoyed was the
relationship between ayo yama and his
son
but still it really does suck being
lonely and not having someone to
connect with cinema nippon has a great
video reading between the lines and
auditions so
be sure to check them out if you're
interested most disturbed moment
is easily feeling those pick of those
needles
feeling that a wire sliced through meat
and bone
and ridding the feet that was an
excellent ending and disturbing without
being all up in your face
most enjoy moment was father and son
it's good to see a good relationship
between son
and father oh you remember that phone
call that i got earlier guess who called
father and this leads perfectly into my
next point
another reason why i use gohan
you know as like the little channel
mascot is how he relates to his
father and how he follows his father's
footsteps and that's it audition is a
top tier takashi mikey film
you can find it on to be so
i'm just gonna go chill and play video
games or something
into the party tonight i'll see you guys
10 days from now
i know that's a little late but that is
an important
day too and i gotta prepare for it and
frankly these group projects aren't
going to do themselves
you haven't seen ichi the killer in the
print why haven't you watched some
videos yet
there you go they're right here i mean
they're right here
why not click on them both right there
to see some cool videos on those like
the video if you enjoyed
and subscribe today this is some more
disturbed stuff thanks for watching
spooky out